Mission Statement:
A family firm that is dedicated to easing your stress, protecting your rights, and getting you what you deserve.


The attorneys at Richards & Richards Law Group, P.L.L.C. offer top-notch legal advice and representation to clients throughout Northern Utah. We are committed to providing the highest quality of professional legal services at an affordable price.  We believe that dedicating our full attention to the needs of each individual client is not only a matter of good service, but is critical to achieving the best possible results. 
Injury
Pursuit of Your Accident Claim and Care While You Recover


If you’ve been injured in an accident in Utah let our firm help get your life back on track.  At our firm we will work with your personally and fight with the insurance companies on your behalf.  Don’t become another faceless case out of hundreds like you would at a big law firm.  Insurance companies like to play games, but we won’t let them play games with you.  We will be aggressive and make sure that you get the best settlement possible.


So, if you’ve been injured in a truck accident with commercial carriers, car accident or motorcycle accident, let our years of experience help you reach a settlement with the insurance companies.  We won’t stand for their games and we know everything we are up against.  Let us give you a fighting chance against the insurance companies so you can get your life back and the justice you deserve.  


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
Bankruptcy
Assistance and Protection from Crippling Debt


If you are facing financial issues and feel like the walls are closing in around you financially, let us here at R&R Law Group help you out. Whether these financial issues have come from the result of a job loss, divorce, foreclosure, medical issues, back-taxes or credit card debt, etc., we can help you.  


Our attorney’s have years of experience in Bankruptcy Law and know what they are doing.  Jaime G. Richards even serves as the Treasurer for the Utah Bankruptcy Lawyers Forum working one-on-one with Bankruptcy Trustees and Bankruptcy Court Judges.  Let our office help you gain control again of your finances and not let creditors dictate and ruin your life.  


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
Divorce/Custody
Protection of Your Top Priorities and Your Highest Cares


Dealing with divorce and/or custody is never easy, and sometimes it can be even harder if the other party wants to bully you around.  Here at R&R Law Group, we will not let that happen.  We will stand beside you in this difficult time and help you fight for what you deserve.  We deal with all  kinds of divorce/custody cases from the easy to the most complex.  Your kids, your home and your life are the most important things you have.  We will make sure the deck is not stacked against you and get you what you deserve. 


Besides divorce/custody cases we also handle adoptions which often is a long and complex process.  Our attorneys know what the legal requirements are and we understand the process.  We want to help make this process easy for you and as quick as possible.  


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
Immigration
Pursuit of Obtaining Legal Status or Fighting Deportation


Whether we are adjusting a person’s legal status or helping them fight deportation, the process here in the United States, is long and complicated.   We want to help make that process less difficult for you and keep you here.  Kevin G. Richards got involved with immigration law over 30 years ago when his wife emigrated to the United States from Brazil.  Since then he has helped more of his family and countless others gain legal status here in the United States.  Not only do we understand immigration law, but we also understand criminal law and how criminal charges could impact one’s immigration status.  


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
DUI/Criminal
Good people sometimes make bad decisions.  Don’t make another bad decision by not hiring us.


If you’ve been charged with driving under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol, you can guarantee that the Police and Prosecutors will come after you.  DUI charges in Utah carry significant fines and penalties including the loss of your license.  We represent you at DMV/DLD hearings  and criminal hearings in the court.  Here at R&R Law Group we review each and every case thoroughly so that your rights are not taken away.  


Besides DUI defense we also provide defense in all criminal matters whether they are felony or misdemeanor charges in all state and federal courts including serious drug offenses. Defending yourself or having an attorney who does not know what they are doing can have serious consequences such as increased fines, jail or prison times.  We who have years of criminal experience and can help you no matter the situation.  If you do not have legal status in the United States there is no one better than Kevin G. Richards to represent you as he has years of experience in both immigration and criminal law and knows how criminal charges can impact your legal status.


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
Estate Planning
Planning for Your Heirs Future 


Is your Will up to date? Do you even have one?  Who would take care of your children in the event of an untimely death?  If you are like me, these are questions we would rather avoid.  But the issue does not go away simply because we ignore it.  The truth of the matter is if we fail to plan, we fail to make sure our loved ones are taken care of.  Instead the courts or State could make important decisions regarding your children and distribution of your assets.  Remember, failure to plan means you are planning to fail.  Let our office help you so you don’t fail.  


Besides creating a Will our office can help you set up a Trust which creates legal entity that holds property or assets for the person(s) who created it.  Property created Trusts have several benefits such as: avoiding probate; providing for minor children incapable of caring for themselves financially; reduces estate taxes; and the terms of a Trust are private while terms of a will are public.  


Probate is a word that is used but not always understood.  However, all probate means is that you are going through the legal process of settling one’s estate when they die.  Probate is not always a bad or scary thing.  Let our office help you maneuver through the action of probate and come up with the best estate plan for you.


Call our office and get your FREE CONSULTATION scheduled today!
Bios


Kevin G. RIchards


Eduatation
        J.D., University of Tulsa (1988)
        B.A., Weber State University (1983)
Admissions
        U.S. District Court of Utah
        U.S. Bankruptcy Court-State of Utah
        U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
        U.S. Immigration Court (all states)
Areas of Practice
        Divorce & Custody
        Adoption
        Immigration
        DUI/Criminal-all felonies & misdemeanors
        Civil Litigation
        Probate/Estate Planning
        Guardian & Conservatorship
        Personal Injury
        Mediations/Alternative Dispute Resolution


Kevin G. Richards was raised in Ogden and is a product of Ogden CIty Schools.  It was while he was a senior at Ogden High that he decided that he wanted to be a lawyer.  Mr. Richards now has over 30 years of legal experience.  Aside from being an attorney he also does mediation and alternative dispute resolution.  He is fluent in Portuguese and Spanish.  Mr. Richards’ current hobbies involve traveling with his wife and family, overlanding and spending a beautiful day up at Snowbasin skiing.  


Jaime. G. Richards 
Education
        J.D., Washburn University (2014)
        B.A., Weber State University (2011)
Admissions
        U.S. District Court of Utah
        U.S. Bankruptcy Court-State of Utah
Areas of Practice
        Bankruptcy
        Divorce & Custody
        Adoption
        Civil Litigation
        Probate/Estate Planning
        Guardian & Conservatorship
        Contract Disputes & Drafting


Jaime G. Richards was born and raised in Ogden and is a product of Ogden City schools just like his father Kevin.  Before law school Jaime had a career in real estate development and finance.  He decided to become a lawyer because he likes working with people and problem solving. Jaime is fluent in Portuguese.   He is an avid golfer, but also enjoys CrossFit, skiing and anything that involves spending time with his wife and children.  


Contact Page


Even if you think you can’t afford legal help, give us a call.  We offer free consultations to help you start off on the right track.


When you are facing difficult times, you need the comfort that comes with talking to an attorney that has successfully guided many others through the same hardships you face now.  


Your case is unique, just like you, let our experience give you the best advice this state has to offer.  Don’t let others or Google dictate your next move; instead take advantage of our free consultation.  You’ll at least leave knowing what options you have and what would be the best step for your situation.
 
Call us today or fill out the form to request a call back.  


801-621-7443


Want to visit the office in person and check us out?  Stop by our office located in downtown Ogden.
Richards & Richards Law Group, PLLC
289 24th St Suite 101
Ogden, UT 84401